Oh
right where you're about to come out
who's on three get your mine somebody's
fooling with the elevator oh I was just
getting my passport
where's the ball
spread out and search the death see if
somewhere near here
there's not a lot of cover okay hang on
hang on I think I can what are you
haha they won't see you if you sliver
they're back Wow
what the hell who turned on the Falcons
I think they're automatic just don't get
wet gun my gym
thank God all right I've unlocked the
door to the hammam steam room there's a
Benz leading out of there that'll take
you right up to the navigation deck
enrica you think you can get more steam
on in here I could do with a little
extra cover
Sam change of plans the Coast Guard is
searching tip top to bottom we'll need
another place to put the bomb proceed to
the foredeck you'll have to find a safe
spot to plant the bomb there
are you sure you want to do this I don't
exactly have a choice here Sam if this
doesn't work the meals gonna blame me